removes version: 2 from docs (#8058)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Project/why-version-2.md

Once upon a time, the structure of these `.yml` files was very different (s/o to anyone who was using dbt back then!). Adding `version: 2` allowed us to make this structure more extensible.

From [dbt Core v1.5](/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/Older%20versions/upgrading-to-v1.5#quick-hits), the top-level `version:` key is optional in all resource YAML files. If present, only `version: 2` is supported.

> Also optional from v1.5, in `dbt_project.yml`, both [`config-version: 2`](/reference/project-configs/config-version) and the top-level `version:` key are now optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also starting in v1.5, both the [`config-version: 2`](/reference/project-configs/config-version) and the top-level `version:` key in the `dbt_project.yml` are optional.
```
